non visual, skill/research based game

Concepts

    1. the level generation is random, the user will get an idea on the climate of the location,
        its landscape, soil and others. Based on this the user will choose the items.

    2. the user will make certain deisions, which will affect the whole run. They may choose to
        keep on the Rock Lee's weights for certain period of time, which will give the debuffs,
        however once they are off, they will give a higher initial boost and a bit smaller stat
        bonus which depends on the amount of time they are worn 
    
    3. How to win? escape the location. Items have durability, therfore depending on the items 
        and climate, staying for too long is not good. Escaping too quick is almost impossible.

    4. Depending on the play style, user may be able to choose the items which will alow them
        to leave at the pase they want

    5. The game level is going to have 8 locations (11/12 including initial and fixed). Large
        locations (2), are going to the zones where player builts shelter, gets of the their
        supplies. Medium locations (4) are going to be locations with the most actions which 
        influence the escape. Last but not least Small locations (2) are going to have only 
        one action, which can give player an item, which contributes to all the win conditions.
        Basing the choice on the knowledge of the locactions and items, player is going to choose
        which win condition to follow.

    6. Fixed locations are locations tied to the map, meaning that they are always going to be 
        present on that map. For example desserted island has cliff, beach and a volcano. Fixed
        locations, usually have embedded win conditions.

    7, Initial locations are the locations which are also fixed to the map, however they do not
        always have win conditions, they are used as a player inital spawn point

    Items:

        1. there is a chance to find items on the level
        2. user can choose 'n' items before the level starts
        

    Strategy:
        
        1. there is no need to find a perfect balance between handling threats, rather stick to a
            strategy depending on the level. For example instead of being safe from every threat,
            choose to be safer from starvation and shelter, and perform less risky actions where
            the risk of getting sick is higher

        2. User usually has to risk for static threats, sometimes for middle threats

        3. dynamic treats USUALLY come from higher reward actions


    Gameplay:

        1. Threats:
            
            Static:
                - starvation
                - dehydration

            Middle
                - hypothermia (cold and hot)


            Dynamic:
                - illness
                - injuries
                